oh hi this is Laura Sanchez so come join
the team to get your dream kitchen one
of the great strategies I use was to
build a credenza this credenza is great
for parties because not only can you
serve food you can also have electricity
and have the coffee going and it's great
storage for example all the utensils can
be here and all the plates
can you just below
everything within reach and another
great example great kitchen design this
every spot can be used for storage for
example this counter from the island can
be used to store all the Christmas
cookie jars and jars and things that are
at your fingertips and you can have a
little computer center so you can have
your laptop at your fingertips also have
a great oven with great storage space
and everything is at your fingertips
and so I mean a pantry so I think it
everything almost are buying gold
everything I think you're toast the
spices rice the chips it's all in there
and it's organized way to do but yet
close at hand and I decided to get two
refrigerators so I can happen on storage
space for parties for dinners I could
have those big cakes for big platters
and I can get everything in there well I
wanted everything to be convenient while
it's cooking I wanted to have all the
pots and pans and lids right here at my
fingertips so I thought why not put the
drawers right here with everything so as
I'm cooking I can be reaching for it all
the pots and pans are here even the
utensils I don't have to reach very far
I could just get them out and continue
cooking I decided to go with the six
burger because I thought I can have all
everything cooking at the same time
loves have the pancake option i
installed the granite and i had
electricity put at both ends of this
island so I could have my juicer I've
lender and also the phone and another
great option is as I'm cooking my guests
are coming I'm greeting them so I'm
paying attention to my guests
and cooking I just love this whole set
up this whole setup is so convenient so
I decided to put a huge storage tower so
I can get even more plates and cups in
this cabinet then I thought why not have
a wine wine cabinet with a two-drawer
dishwasher and then I wrapped around the
cabinet so I could get more storage
space and more counter space